{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Baskerville;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red209\green67\blue27;\red73\green51\blue32;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c86275\c34902\c13333;\cssrgb\c36073\c26178\c16752;
}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Connie Kohls\
August 27, 2021\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs64 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd1\expndtw6
Gender\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 What is it? What is mine?\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi540\sl360\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \
I have been thinking a lot recently about gender. Part of it is learning to see gender as a social construct, and it has helped me to understand what social constructs really are (practically), and developing a new relationship with my gender. The biggest part of the exploration of my gender is my new name: Connie Kohls.\
\
\'93What's in a name? that which we call a rose By any other name would smell as sweet\'94\
\
And I still smell like lightly toasted bread. Changing my name has been an interesting process. In my current situation, there have been sharp distinctions between the different ways my name is used. The biggest distinction is my legal name and my social name. My social name is easy to change. It\'92s as simple as asking someone and hoping that they\'92re willing to use it. For the most part, my friends have been pretty supportive. It did make me realize that even my friends, even if they care, are going to make mistakes. The first person I told in-person just laughed, which hurt for a few days, but it\'92s something I need to learn to deal with if I\'92d ever want to use my name more publicly.\
Predictably, there\'92s been a very different response between my friends and my coworkers. Most coworkers are very supportive, my manager, unfortunately, is not. My intern has been particularly helpful at work, correcting my manager when he forgets (very often). She\'92s the one that made me feel comfortable starting to share my pronouns with others at work. Coming out at work, people have given many more excuses as to why they can\'92t get it right. My favorite is from my manager, who said, \'93I try to be conscious of it, but when I speak fast I am not thinking\'94. To which I am tempted to respond with, \'93well, have you considered thinking?\'94 Common courtesy is, at Apple, not very common.\
I\'92ve also been playing with my gender presentation through fashion, makeup, nail polish, vocal range, dance, and social interaction. The indescribable joy of finding a dress that fits me perfectly. Is this what gender euphoria feels like?\
All of this change and experimentation is interlaced with doubt. Each time I have to remind my manager to use my pronouns. Each time I look at myself in the mirror and see \'93Ryan\'94 staring back at me. Wondering, all the time, whether this is all just in my head. Wondering, all the time, if this is worth it. If those moments of pure euphoria and joy. Those visions of myself with the body of a woman, finally being happy with my body. Being able to look in a mirror and love the way I look. Not having to ignore my face, constantly shaving to hide any hair that might be there. Feeling beautiful in my dresses.\
I\'92m very thankful for all of my friends that have been so supportive during this phase of my life. My biggest fear in starting to explore this aspect of myself was losing my friends. Thank you for staying by my side.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\fi540\sl360\slmult1\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Love,\
Connie}